Lilliana: Alright testing one more time. Alright, we're gonna get started.
Lilliana: Well, we can start. Does anybody have any questions
Lilliana: slash? How was founder? Did you guys have a good time. Very good
Lilliana: people. Yeah, you want them to go.
Lilliana: Yeah.
Lilliana: And we're basically casting a wide net and said.
Lilliana: that's a hard thing to do.
Lilliana: Yeah. cool anyone else.
Lilliana: I did like pretty good
Lilliana: any efficiency. I won't say that
Lilliana: the couple that I was very interested in
Lilliana: large, as far as all problems across all these companies, the thousands of companies we have, it feels like the require something really big. And when it comes to like.
Lilliana: you know, you're part of much larger initiative.
Lilliana: We're working
Lilliana: for sure.
Lilliana: Yeah.
Lilliana: Yeah. So this is our microphone. We'll pass it around. So this is our alumni panel. We do this every time before we start program, so that you guys can hear from some people who are just one year, or even like 6 months ahead of you.
Lilliana: For how they went through program, what they learned and best practices as well as what they wish they knew before they started program. So it's just kind of passing on the knowledge to the next group. So we have 3 amazing founders here. We're waiting for a fourth. He's gonna probably come in while we're in the middle of this. And we'll let you guys introduce yourselves name company when you went through techstars like time wise and
Lilliana: what your company does. We'll start with those 4 things, Christian. You wanna go first. So, hey, everyone, my name's Christian. We went through techstars. Chicago, JP. Morgan, march through June.
Lilliana: My company is early intervention systems or Eis for short. And what we do is we build activities of daily living software for caregivers in senior living communities, such as assisted living and memory care so they could take better care of their residents.
Lilliana: and hopefully, in a few years. We want to use some of the clean data. We have to start building predictive algorithms to like project census agitation and utis in these communities. So
Lilliana: that's what we did. And yeah, it was.
Lilliana: yeah, I want everyone to soak in this moment. I know, I know the tech start staff knows. We applied a few times to get in. Yeah, we, I think on the sixth try we got in
Lilliana: subscribe. Yeah.
Lilliana: you've met me. Hi. that's true, and we should chat afterwards.
Lilliana: right? My name is Perona. If we haven't met before I went through Techstar, Chicago last year, and my company's near technology. We help older adults identify online scams, scams better.
Lilliana:  and that's that's pretty. Beth, that's it.
Cool.
Lilliana: awesome. Just get started. Yeah.
Lilliana: Hi, I'm ally. I have no voice because of all the networking over the last few days. And fun
Lilliana: or maybe I always sound like this. My company is like what 360 we're the platform for people to honor somebody that has passed away by sharing memories.
Lilliana: We go to market through their real life communities like private high schools for turning decent sororities and essentially digitize the admiral section of their alumni magazine and I was in the same Chicago program with Christian and Mikey here. So we had our demo day this past June.
Lilliana: Was that was that all the questions? Yeah. And I live in Brazil. Sound very cool.
Lilliana: Hi, Mikey Lee,
Lilliana: or the prompts? I don't know. Oh, yeah, okay, perfect.
Lilliana: I was part part of
Lilliana: Yeah, he's the infiltrator. Yeah. Yeah, part of Allie. And Christian cohort, I think we'll just leave it at that.
Lilliana: My, my company, which I don't like to claim
Lilliana: they didn't make it. They didn't. They didn't. I mean, they would do the program. But then it's like, it's a good. It's a good. It's a good story about the company that doesn't make it right? Yeah.
Lilliana: that's good.
Lilliana: So we have a couple of prompts that we normally ask, and then we'll open it up to questions from you guys for the remainder of the time. So first question is, what do you feel like techstars did for you like from the beginning to the end. That maybe wouldn't have happened if you didn't go through the accelerator, and you can just give like one or 2. I'm sure you have lots of examples. But just pick your favorite. Who does anyone have an answer right away?
Lilliana: Mine would be just we. We realized there like
Lilliana: going through textiles, tracking certain metrics and being able to learn and fail. Quick
Lilliana: was one of the things we took away from the program. And also, we also at certain strengths that
Lilliana: became even bigger strength for us, too. Well, I mean.
Lilliana: we're we're definitely on a the scrapier side when it comes to either customer acquisition or trying to get in front of customers, and we did in the cheapest and most pop cheapest way possible, and I just accelerated that even more during program. But it was absolutely a life changing program. So i'm, i'm, sure, you guys are gonna have a really good time.
lesbian
Lilliana:  so my co-founder and I started our company in 2019 during mba at kellogg, and I would say, what the program did for us. One. It gave us a sharper sense of focus. So we thought our go to market was focused, but especially mentor Manus got us even more like. No, you need to, even more narrow and and more defined, which, like focuses everything. Deciding what you're not gonna do.
Lilliana: I would say. Another thing is that it gave us the right network where I came from a corporate strategy management consulting background, big network from Mba. But like.
Lilliana: And I had, I had definitely
Lilliana: peers in the startup space from 1871 is the space like this in Chicago. But I would say, tech stars is like more of a I don't know the cohort based model, or, like you probably felt this like. Why was every conversation sort of magical over the last few days, and Mikey had a good point of well there. There was like a heavy amount of screening that went into the individuals that are in the space and it's people that have had the same issues that you know that you've gone through before. So I think that was really helpful.
Lilliana: And then. Our company is going through a co-founder transition. So after 4 years, my co-founder decided for a lot of reasons. You know, it's ready for her next adventure. We still have a super strong relationship. She's still on our board. But that was one of the reasons why we were excited to do text ours, knowing that I was gonna be a solo founder, more or less wanting to have that level of of support.
Lilliana:  this. Is this not going to be. This is gonna be very philosophical, but I'm gonna go with it. it just makes me think that a lot of things are it'd be, makes me become a lot more optimistic as a person in general.
Lilliana: for context, I'm like a Bob Asian fresh off the boat just got here for sure, like my parents, are not from here. So to even think that I can do entrepreneurship, and the Us. Was not even
Lilliana: a part of my dream. I was not like. That's gonna be a lot harder for many reasons.
Lilliana: But I think that changed a lot during when I got into tech stars because I was. I'm also in a business that is very hard to scale senior care venture capitalists don't necessarily like it
Lilliana: for many reasons.
Lilliana: and so with, I think, with the right discipline that you you are going to get from the program.
Lilliana: it's you. You can do a lot of things. And this is maybe just reinforcing what you have heard from Neil personally, which is to invest in the people because your business can be, can change literally overnight. It really doesn't matter what you actually do what the company does.
Lilliana: But you, as a person, can be successful, regardless of how that's going to look like. So that's philosophy one on one from from me this morning. So I hope that's helpful.
Lilliana:  yeah, I mean, II wanna answer this question so many different ways. I'm sure I will.
Lilliana: No, Neil, like first say, I would not have learned financial modeling nor would I have gotten a tattoo.
Lilliana: a customer. It changed my life. It really did.
Lilliana: hey?
Lilliana: I would say. You know I had been
Lilliana: I've my. I started my kind of tech career in 2,007 when Facebook was really small. And so I like lived through a lot of the early tech stuff. And I spent 3 years as an eir at a venture firm. So I felt like I'd seen kind of everything, and coming here and going through program, not really as like the primary founder was so humbling because it made me realize I didn't know
Lilliana: anything. And it was also reinforced by being around a lot of people who were younger, less experienced, or just from different backgrounds. I was in Silicon Valley for a long time, and watching a level of excellence to kind of Ali's point.
Lilliana: that this is a, you know, very selective group, and you kind of take it for granted when you're in it.
Lilliana: But also, as I was telling Matt and Sarah yesterday, like I think we had this like moment where it was like super emotional for like, I think we were like midway through program. And there were tears, and it occurred to me I was like, you know.
Lilliana: you can't. Nobody will ever understand the like kind of gun to your head. Perspective of the emotional kind of trauma of what? It's like to be a founder until you are. And even your spouse doesn't really know. So it's when you're around. Other people going through kind of this high pressure situation with incredible leaders who are very, very thoughtful as an understatement. It unlocks a lot of stuff, and it, you know, makes you feel less alone, which is kind of the
Lilliana: part of the process.
Cool.
Lilliana: Okay. Okay. Next question is, what was your favorite part of program.
Lilliana: and it can be anything from like fun to business, or you can give up both totally up to you. Alec.
Lilliana: Retreat. It's great.
Lilliana: What did you? Michigan? Oh, Gary, Indiana! It doesn't matter where you go. It matters if people that.
Lilliana: So if we had an amazing experience in Gary and Indiana, imagine what your experience is, gonna be like in like Tahoe.
Lilliana:  I know these days are like, why is it
Lilliana: we're we're going.
Lilliana: but it it doesn't matter. Cause.
Lilliana: And and the magic is what happens inside your house. It's a cabin weekend. I learned how to play poker, my co-founder and I got people caught up in the web. We're sling it. Yeah, we're we're we're we're card sharks.
Lilliana: The it's just. It'll be an emotional roller coaster. Just be open to having a wonderful experience and hearing from everyone there. I don't wanna spoil anything. I will say, Chef Austin, that I'm hearing. Make sure you if you like cooking cook with chef, Austin. That's
Lilliana: yeah like you'll never have another chance to do that. It was so much fun. Me? And
Lilliana: oh, I'm so jealous. Okay, that's cool. I wish I could go. I'll be around but but if you it's like you can pretend that you're cooking in a Michelin Star restaurant like yes, chef like we're we're doing that. It was really fun. So
Lilliana: yeah, yeah. And then, like you like, come out of like gig with chef, Austin, and be like capitalism. Oh, I gotta take down this system. But like also with capitalism, and like, you'll be, yeah, you'll be all messed up as me
present.
Lilliana: Oh, are you guys doing founders story still for the founders?
Lilliana: Yeah, they yeah. Oh, cool. Yes. I like the founder story. It's an opportunity for each founder to share their story, and it's always incredible how how
Lilliana: crazy people's lives are, or just how different it is. And so yeah, I'm looking forward to that. It's it's pretty fun. I mean, Richard is always. I feel like Number one. So I'm I just want to put things that happened like one of them
Lilliana: had to pull a deer head. It could be a carcass across the road, or something like that.
Lilliana: Yes, so I think we attend Funder story. Their funder story. Right? Yeah. So it like, I, I'm just excited to hear everyone's story. So yeah, it'll be. It'll be cool.
Lilliana: Yeah, I mean.
Lilliana: I mean, yeah. The founder stories are great. Also, I there should be like special guests and speakers coming in to get founder stories. Those are also really fun. But my favorite was actually the demo day week. Because my team, you know, I'm in New York, CTO. And DC. Ceos in Miami. So we got a whole week to actually just work together, too. So that was just a really fun week to
Lilliana: bring everything together. But
Lilliana: like like Ronan and Alex, said the founder stories and chef. You can't be check, Austin. It's a it's a tall task to beat.
Lilliana: Sorry. Thank you.
Lilliana: There we go.
Lilliana: Yeah, we're good. Okay, so I'm curious to know you. All's perspective on observations of business progress, either for yourself and your company or others, because I think for each of your classes you all kind of band together and help each other with your respective businesses. So is there an example going through tech stars where you all made progress? You got the kind of support you saw someone else get support that you weren't expecting, or that was particularly noteworthy.
Lilliana: So before, anyway.
Lilliana: Yeah. So we had just, we've been trying to increase like our sales pipeline and close more deals before this program. But we kind of had, like a half baked product, that kind of worked. We had not the best pilot in the world, like a lot of turnover and a hostile environment.
Lilliana: And like we had a bunch of mentors come in both on
Lilliana: just the tech side, where, and also, like the senior living side to help us build the sales process you know, refine our Crm. Figure out how to qualify leads, and
Lilliana: and just go. Now that we had the money from tech stars, we were able to also go to conferences, to to
Lilliana: to start testing, to see what works and what doesn't. We went from having one horrible, not horrible, but like hostile pilot to having one home run pilot during program, and there's no paperwork signed yet. But we're getting a long term contract from them. And now we're we're
Lilliana: we're gonna be backlogging other pilots for the rest of the year as well. So things I like it completely turned around. But as everyone and health healthcare knows, it's
Lilliana: it's still a long process. But even till this day every week all the healthcare companies cause we had a pretty healthcare, heavy like class, I think. We we still meet every week or every other week to go over our kpis and also complain about the Us. Healthcare system. So but yeah, that was definitely
Lilliana: took away.
Lilliana: Is it not to be yours? What you saw? I think. I think
Lilliana: you know, it's when you're a founder. It's super lonely especially been.
Lilliana: you know, doing the stuff that got you here? So I think the
Lilliana: seeing all of the different people who are, you know, obviously different points, but also kind of in the same place. It's the incredible depth of perspective that you get to watch other people.
Lilliana: engage with this information that you're learning the curriculum that you're facing and just seeing how different people do it. And I think that's it lent itself naturally to us helping each other. Cause you know, human tendency is to help others when you can't help yourself. And so in doing so, everybody's kind of doing that and
Lilliana: feel good about getting back to where you are. So yeah, usual. So like pain navigator insomnia like you were with some of those crews helping with a bunch of stuff. When you
Lilliana: spend less time on the business you join.
Lilliana: Yeah, it's I mean.
Lilliana: it's so fun to watch other people kind of. You know you.
Lilliana: It's like we talk about even this week when we were talking about your business. you know I think you have the mode where you're, you're pitching, and everything's good. And you're so used to that. But once you get to know each other, it's like, Okay, well, what's what's the real thing. And
Lilliana: so much more fun to pitch somebody else's. You guys have
Lilliana: like, you're basically socializing together with 2 classes. Right? That's awesome. II feel like I was thinking about that. I'm like we work. It was great to have 12, but, man, it'd be awesome to have 24 and I didn't say what my favorite thing was about
Lilliana: our time, but besides founder stories, I would say it. It's
Lilliana: staff. They're incredible. This is my hero and everybody that he gathers around him is amazing and unique. And yeah, this is a life changing program, but a lot because of
Lilliana: Neil and his crew.
Lilliana: It is a crew. The rider dies. I would say for me on the business progress thing, I think, seeing how people's storytelling changed.
Lilliana: So seeing how people pitch their business at the beginning of the program to how they pitched it at the end. You know, I think there's a lot within that, because for some people they really didn't know what their business model or go to market models gonna be. And like spoiler, go to market is everything. That's how you earn the privilege to work on. Your product is like, figure out your sales. So get your shit together. But just seeing
Lilliana:  I think how people understood. You can't just say the thing you're doing. You have to talk about why it matters and get people excited and inspired. And that was a lot of fun also, like a lot of work shopping on people's pitches and seeing how they evolved and I'll speak for myself. You know we
Lilliana: had an investor that I've known for a while talking, you know, after Demo Day. And he said, Oh, I finally get what your business does, which, like we made it go to market pivot, but like but like it was very validating, or like even telling people what we were doing at founder cotton, like people used to be kinda confused or like, why wouldn't Facebook do that? I don't get that question anymore. So I think I think the storytelling element is really
Lilliana: valuable. In 13 weeks
Lilliana: your demo day pitched, you could probably say, That's not my company, each and every one of you which is crazy. So what Ali said is really really great. So let's open it up to questions, and at the end I have a couple of more closing questions for you guys. So what questions you have? Yeah, Richelle.
Lilliana: I'll repeat the question. how many of you
Lilliana: for a problem solution, then that you were visiting at the start of the program. And
Lilliana: how much of your time that we're gonna spend on?
Lilliana: Okay? The question is, how many of them change the core idea of their business. And how much time did they spend reshaping that idea versus growing their business
Lilliana: mit Ctl, and so we didn't change the problem we're solving. We change how we solve it. During program. It was actually one of the hardest decisions we had to make 123
Lilliana: first month in we already had about 3,800. Mrr. What we were doing at the time was, we give a genius bar for senior living. So we go in, spend a couple of hours and then give tech support.
Lilliana: That was the biggest source of our revenue, and 35. Mr. Founder, Mr. Is like, you know, decent but we were already having a lot of staffing challenges and scaling issues. So we essentially had to
Lilliana: say goodbye to the number one source, like the only source of the of our revenue at the time and so essentially so that that the first third of the program is to refine that and just kind of like, alright, let's just do it. And then the the following 2 months is for us to almost rebuild what we do as a company.
Lilliana: I mean for us. We were more, I would say, on the growth side. That was number one thing coming in for us for tech stars. So we did spend a lot of time on that. But
Lilliana: in terms of the pitch.
Lilliana:  it it's a little bit different cause like Natalia's her pitch. And I have my pitch. I actually just work. I just had a pitch competition last week in Colorado, so actually worked with the tech stars. All of my Corin cause she's, I think, one of the best pitchers at least, that she wins a lot of
Lilliana: yeah. So we've been successful at those competitions, but not as successful as hers. So she I worked with her for like a couple weeks.
Lilliana: And I got my whole pitch down where you switch it from, like the standard Problem Solution market team to like embedding a story into it.
Lilliana: So people can connect to it. But like, I said, it's just gonna be different. Depending on what your priorities are. During program.
Lilliana: we definitely had people in our cohort that like shifted pretty fundamentally like how they were thinking about things. For us. We had been doing our business, you know, for a while we had early consumer learnings, and we're trying to accelerate on the B 2 B side. So I would say we just got tighter on what we were doing. And then there were pretty specific challenges that we were trying to overcome like pricing and so we got a lot tighter and we're able to iterate around some of those more specific things.
Lilliana: Great question, we have a question in the back we'll go with you and then madison
Lilliana:  what do you think was the biggest thing?
Lilliana: What was the biggest mistake you made during programme?
Lilliana: And you can share what mistakes you might have seen others make? We don't even have to name names.
Lilliana: Spell the team, it'll help.
Lilliana: This is something that I've been reflecting on. The last few days at Founder Con, where Founder con for me felt like mentor madness again. And it was really fun like doing it in person, and then, like new people, would come to the conversation, and then, like they get really excited about what we're doing, which feels really good. And then we, you know, we'd be iterating on something.
Lilliana: And
Lilliana: I think I would approach Metro madness a little bit differently. Where, like, I said, like we were focused on pricing and some customer success challenges that were more tactical. And so, going into Metro madness, we were asking more tactical questions, especially to people that had experience in those areas, and that was definitely helpful, but I think I would have
Lilliana: in hindsight.
Lilliana: I don't know. This is a double edged sword like it would have been helpful just to like. Talk about my baby a little bit more holistically, and and just get general feedback and and be willing to have the same conversation. I think that's what I didn't want to do was have like a very similar conversation, you know, 20 x times. But I think
Lilliana: I think, having.
Lilliana: I think it would have been more data points, I guess, like maybe more statistically significant. Oh, I'm hearing these sort of themes versus. We were really directing the conversation on the specific problems that we were having at that moment, which helped us at that time. But I think that there's value in just having a lot of smart people from different perspectives, giving you a hosting
Lilliana: view of the business. Yeah, if I can comment on that quickly. What Alex, alluding to is an interesting dilemma for each of you, because
Lilliana: there's no right answer. Right? You could take the approach of having a highly unique. highly customized interaction with each mentor you meet with versus
Lilliana: taking the advantage of the fact that I can talk to 30 people within 2 weeks who are really smart. If I say the same thing to each of them. I'm gonna gather something really interesting about where their head goes. Every time I say the pitch the way I do, or introduce my business in a certain type of way. So we'll work with each of you on what strategy makes the most sense or hybrid of those. But that's a really fascinating like struggling moment. Yeah.
Lilliana: okay, we'll go next. Okay, yeah, okay, I would say, it's hard, because I don't know that this is fair, but I would say something. I kind of regret is like
Lilliana: not listening to Neil and Liliana kind of
Lilliana: in a way where I was really processing the amount, the amount of like wisdom in what like like, I was laughing because right when he took it, he's like, pay attention to this, and I'm like, this is like all this when he interjects, it's like, like I should have been listening more. But I would also say, like he does that a lot, and he's gonna do that with each of you. And you should like pay attention to what he's saying to somebody else usually like, if it's not to. You, kind of like, okay, whatever
Lilliana: I'm I'd imagine you guys are gonna collaborate a lot. And I think that was that that's kind of the root of it is that people are really busy in program. And you know, you get, you're like, Oh, this is really stressful. I gotta go back to this like, take advantage of the fact that you're with people who are. I mean, you guys are gonna be family like you will have your best. Some of your best friends will be here like she's one of my best friends. And we are like huge collaborators.
Lilliana: And so I think.
Lilliana: working with them to the extent that in in giving time to to your other cohort mates, when you're going through stuff to learn from like
Lilliana: some of the best teachers you'll you'll ever have to summarize that it sounds like an insight for one of you could be an insight for all of you.
Lilliana: That's I think, what I'm hearing you're at see, and something that I don't regret
Lilliana: is I live in Brazil my husband's Brazilian, and I had such a wonderful magical first week and retreat and about half of our cohort was based in Chicago that I said, Okay, I'm coming back for the last third of program, and I tried to influence anybody that didn't live in Chicago, so you could have this adventure with me and Mike and I both got
Lilliana: temporary apartments in the Tech Star storm. So we were in the same building. But like that was really special of just like
Lilliana: II really wanted to double down, and it was. It was hard I got married this year, like there's a lot going on in my life in Brazil. And I decided I wanted. I wanted to invest that time, not just in the business, but like in the relationships. And the fact that it's gonna like a wedding. A wedding is special, because it's a moment and time, and it will never happen again. And this time isn't gonna happen again. Oh, yeah, that was hybrid. Yeah, yeah, I mean, and you guys, it doesn't have to be here. You guys could all be like we should all work in Mexico city.
Lilliana: II mean, we've applied a few times. So I knew when you kind of knew exactly, and try to get as much value out of it. But techstars. The one big thing is the mentors, I would say, is always one of the the biggest value proposition. So our program has your Anthony got a
Lilliana: and I recommend you know, whatever you guys want to do works. But for me we had what 45 mentors we had during mentor madness that we met with or 30, and then on my ad hoc mentor list. I recommend all you guys do a lot of research on this.
Lilliana: I had over a hundred 15 mentors on my list for Anthony to try to get me in touch with because I recommend just taking advantage of opportunity. While you're in program, you're able to talk to people saying, Hey, I'm in techstars, or you know, I'm in the ebay program. I'm in the Jp. Morgan program. You know, love to talk to get a few meetings with you, cause you know, that could lead to a big contract or someone vouching for you at a
Lilliana: at a conference at some point. So that's one thing I would say, that, you know. Just get as much value as you can out of that. But
Lilliana: One mistake I saw is please try to make sure your bank account doesn't hit 0 before demo day.
Lilliana: But
Lilliana: yeah, please don't spend all your money.
Lilliana: Yeah.
Lilliana: this is not his great advice. Maybe maybe that'll come out in the retreat. I don't know. So
Lilliana: on Christian's point, we we do 15 ad hoc mentors at a time now, so that it's like more targeted asks instead of we don't just like, send it out. But you can hit that 100 number if you have these targeted asks every week. Okay, Madison is next. And then, Matt.
Lilliana: curious how your teams never know anything about the experience that they would hear. I'm just curious, like
Lilliana: your teams change. You know your internal teams agencies.
Lilliana: So how did your teams change or partnerships contracts anything like that? How did the structure of your internal teams change?
Lilliana: And how did you arrive?
Lilliana: Yeah. So we came into program feeling like we had done a lot of do you remember that insight?
Lilliana: Oh, sorry. So we we came into program.
Lilliana: having tested a lot of different B 2 B channels trying to find our beach head.
Lilliana: And for us we were focused on affinity based organizations. And had landed on education. So universities, private high schools, fraternities, and sororities, and digitizing the immam section of their alumni magazine
Lilliana: and one of the things that we realized through mentor madness. Everyone was like, Why are you? And we were like, Yeah, we're focused education. We just come out of this conference that was targeting universities. And so like, we felt like we were focused because we had tried a lot of other things like faith groups that hadn't worked, and the fraternities had a much shorter sales cycle and they they were the ones that were signing up, and so many of the mentors were like, why wouldn't you just double down on fraternities. And we're like, Huh.
Lilliana: I guess we could. And like, that makes a big difference where yeah, like focusing on education is focus versus focusing on face groups. But then within that it became not only just Greek organizations, but national men's fraternities. And then we got even narrower and said, Okay, who, as a convention coming up this summer? Because then we could do outreach messaging around you know, memorial slideshow for their for their event.
Lilliana: so yeah, that piece and on the team side,
Lilliana: So my co-found.
Lilliana: Well, do you wanna change? We had a solo founder. And you're on our friend.
Lilliana: Yeah, we had one solo founder who realized he couldn't go through program by himself, so he brought in his college friend, who was kinda like taking time off in between roles, didn't bring him on as a full Co. Founder just brought him on to help, and that was really helpful. So that's like one way you could do it. I'm sure he paid him like contractually like as a contractor. But
Lilliana: you could do that. And then, did we have anybody acquire a Co. Founder in this cohort?
Lilliana: Not really very easy.
Lilliana: No? Well, in past cohorts we've had lots of people acquire co-founders during we've had people lose co-founders during. We've had people be in lawsuits with co-founders during, and we've had people acquire mentors as c-suite co-founders twice which is a mait like that is, does the ballroom move? If you can do that, I mean, I don't know how they did it.
Lilliana: Yeah, I got mentors to be my Co. Founder. But that's after, though it's after like
Lilliana: we were dating for a long time, and that
Lilliana: yes, and and it was also sort of cutest thing where it's technically. At the time he was in a file he was in a mentor yet in my program, but he was he, he is a husband of a mentor in during my cohort met his wife during mentor madness, got into chatting, and then, oh, you should connect with my husband, and we just started working together. And then.
Lilliana: I'm gonna say, 6 months after
Lilliana: the program wrap up we the con. We work very well together. That conversation started to happen naturally, and then he just came on board
Lilliana: as a C-suite co-founder. So yeah.
Lilliana: okay, let's do, Madison was, and then we'll go to you.
Lilliana: help you with that process, and also
Lilliana: was part of the institution.
Lilliana: because of.
Lilliana: So what's the story with Mikey's startup? You can be as candid as you'd like Mikey.
Lilliana: totally happy to
Lilliana: What was the last part
Lilliana: like
Lilliana: shutting down Startup and and saying no more of this? It's very hard decision. I have issues with
Lilliana: my relationship to perseverance.
Lilliana: Yeah, I think, okay, I'm gonna try to answer this in the way I think you're asking it. I and I will preface this by saying, it wasn't my company. Is that fair? I joined. I joined as a co-founder, and the the mistakes that were made, or the choices that were made that led to the decline of the company were
Lilliana: There were attempts to check it all the way through. So to your first question, you know, how did techstar is? Gonna support it? They identified things that were problematic, I think, approached
Lilliana: my Co. Founder in a way that was really like
Lilliana: honorable and thoughtful, and it was a lot just him not being able to handle it well. I would. The rest of it, I think, is just kind of like.
Lilliana: yeah, I think you're. You're all here because you believe in your idea. I don't think you're shutting it down, and it would be hard to imagine I left a company right before I joined the Tech Stars Company, and you know it was a very like I'm leaving, because it's the right thing to do for the company. So I don't know II can use data and then allude to next weekend to give you more context. But I've made, I believe I have to get the exact number. I think it's 114 investments in the past 4 years
Lilliana: I've had 3. I would call like
Lilliana: bad closes out of those 114
Lilliana: and well, that's one of them and I'll tell you the full story next weekend if you want but that being said more generally, there, there are more than 3 companies that are no longer in operation. I think it's probably like.
Lilliana: yeah, exactly. It's probably like maybe 7 or 8 out of those on top of those that are no longer operating fully or something. But
Lilliana: when you said like, I'm not shutting down Clutch, I'm like.
Lilliana: even if you were, that's okay, like like there's no judgment or obligation for you all to all succeed. The goal is for some of you to succeed hopefully. Most of you are all of you, but we recognize and will never judge you if you realize that something else is more important. This isn't working out need support doing something else like the whole job. Towards the second half of program with the company Mikey's talking about was, how do we get this team employed gainfully so that they're not
Lilliana: struggling to like pay their bills and take care of themselves. That was where we were directing our energy. We didn't care about the company anymore. We cared about the people.
Lilliana: So, yeah. And I go so far as to say, Neil was like, early on, like, Yeah, this is what I think your exact words were. His issues are above my pay grade, and I was still like, why aren't you doing anything about this? And I think it I mean, this is has been a huge lesson to me.
Lilliana: How I perceived and remembered what you were doing and saying was, he's gonna figure it out at some point, maybe.
Lilliana: and and I need to play my part in that journey. It doesn't need to happen right now, and maybe he gets there. Maybe he doesn't. I don't. I'm not like a hopefully guy. But you know, it's like I've been through a lot. We all of you. I'm sure I've been through a lot to get to this point. And you look at those moments, and this is one of them. And it's a huge thing for somebody like Neil, who, you know. I mean, it's not. It's not a easy thing to.
Lilliana: or it sucks to have to. you know. See that happen. But for him to take that stance is super inspiring for me.
Lilliana: I can say more. I'm living it right now. Yeah. So full transparency. We ran out of money march of this year.
Lilliana: and at the time I was like, I really, what I'm hoping coming out of this is that you will fall in love in solving the problem because solution can change 10 times or more. And II came Ashley to literally Neil and Aliana was like, Hey, I want to continue. I just need to find a way to pay myself.
Lilliana: Mark is much more seasoned. He's like financially great. So I just need to find a way to pay me.
Lilliana: And so they? This is like Bay back in the days when this program has yet to exist in our radar at all, they were like, Okay, how about we made a position for you as a foundered residence for the Chicago program. I'm already living in Oakland, but they were
Lilliana: willing to like. We'll make it up something, and then I'm also from Kellogg as well. So you're like, maybe you can grade for the classes that Neil's classes, or like
Lilliana: Mit Ctl, and something like that. I have a number. And they're like, okay, let's find a way to hit that number. It can be a portfolio of activities. So I can continue working on near 250. So this is part of the reason I'm here. So Mark and I are. We're pivoting to the point where it's like a pirouette. I think someone said, like, it's like, the the product is going to look very different. We're in the middle of that right now.
Lilliana: And so we actually are considering. Okay, why don't we? At 1 point we are considering we don't know yet. Just kind of like a have a clean slate and incorporate another company. That's easier, logistically and
Lilliana: but like there, there's no there hasn't been any negative things that these guys are saying about near as a company. They're like, Yeah, we'll make founder, and residents will make up a position for you. And so in in general, I guess I I'm hoping this answers a little bit to your question. It was a hard decision. I did take the summer off where I would just like I'm not gonna do I mean as a founder? You will always work, I think, just certain degree. For the summer of this year my business was not growing. It was just kind of like
Lilliana: at the level with where it exists. But it's not growing at all for me to take time to think about that essentially, and I can chat more about that. If, whenever it's appropriate.
Lilliana: I'd love to everyone.
Lilliana: Thank you, Verona. So just to be clear
Lilliana: there, there is a temptation. You can imagine during programs and accelerators like this. And as investors to spend most of your energy towards the ones that are clearly winning.
Lilliana: so think about it. Right? If you're investing and you're managing a portfolio, you have 12 companies, 24 companies, the ones that are clearly already on a path to 1 million in revenue, or they're increasing their sales, or they're hiring lots of people they're taking off. Oh, that's really exciting. Let's pull our engine there. Now, let's keep going, because one of those is the one you want to like. Get your returns.
Lilliana: That's not really how we operate or think. Instead, where we focus is
Lilliana: who amongst our founders are the ones that need our help, the most right now, and who are the ones who we need to get out of the way of, because they have a lot of other people, we can introduce them to to help them succeed.
Lilliana: So we will spend time with everybody, no matter where your business is at, regardless of the progress that you're making so long as you trust the process and lean into it.
Lilliana: So that's the big thing that we focus on is like, so long as you are a good participant in the program and we can support you, we'll spend as much time as necessary to help each of you succeed in whatever way, regardless of the long-term potential of you being worth millions of dollars or billions of dollars. That's less important us in this program experience.
Lilliana: I think, I'm gonna hand this back to you cause I'm gonna ask you to say it. Cause I don't think I'm gonna get this right. But the probably the most clarifying thing that Neil said was. I think you said your job is to
Lilliana: increase the runway for the number of chances you can take. Yeah, is that on goal? Yeah, I mean. And and that's it. Right? So like. however, he's gonna he's gonna get to know you and figure out with you the most honest kind of answer to that, and that's it like, that's awesome. What else do you need? Right. It's like, you don't know what's coming. How many shots on both things, Jake.
Lilliana: can you can you guys okay, cool? Next question, Matt.
Lilliana: you guys give your time up.
Lilliana: Did any of the people on the panel have a corporate partner similar to these 2 programs? These 3 were in Jpmorgan.
Lilliana: Do you guys want to chat about Lou, or how's it? Oh, sorry.
Lilliana: But other questions.
Thanks accidentally.
Lilliana: What was good about it? What was bad about it? Tell us about how your experience was.
Lilliana: So yeah, we had a Lou app, absolutely great guy.
Lilliana: so with Lou, we were mainly focusing on growth and customers and during program. We were pretty much just going over what introductions he can make, either in his personal network or that Jp. Morgan can make
Lilliana: so we're still like working back and forth because Jp. Morgan has a big presence across all industries. If they're gonna be there, they're gonna be sponsoring. They're gonna have happy hours they're gonna have after parties. They're gonna have all this stuff to help you find
Lilliana: customer. So that's what Lou and I are working on, and we're actually meeting for lunch with him in a managing director. From Jp, 2 weeks at a conference in Chicago. So we're we're just still working back and forth on that cause.
Lilliana: Jp. Morgan's just such a monster of a company. There's multiple business lines, Crms that they have their clients on, so it might take a little bit of time to unbind
Lilliana: to figure out where the best way they can help you, but just keep adding, Be consistent, but you know they've been nothing but supportive. So that's key. It does take time to figure out how they can help you, because these are like bankers right? Like they're on the innovation side, but they're still at Jp. Morgan. So it's new for them. They. This is a really extraordinary experience for them. They're really excited to be, get their hands and start us. But they don't immediately know what you guys want in this or need in the same way that maybe we
Lilliana: know because we've run many programs. So it does take a while to get to know them, help them know how to help you. And that's the onus is on, you guys to help them help you?
Lilliana: Oh, I have one more thing, though. So we just had a tech Stars employee, I believe. Just start at JP. Morgan. Start up banking Sarah Hipbert.
Lilliana: She's gonna be on the healthcare side, though, so I'm not sure if we have any healthcare in the room, but she might be someone that
Lilliana: we can make someone can make an introduction to. But she's she's awesome. So yeah.
other things.
Lilliana: The the sponsors, these partners you gotta know, though
Lilliana: they don't owe you anything
Lilliana: like that's really important to know. Cause I think when there's a mismatch of expectations, and we see founders come in and go. Why don't I have this partnership, or why don't I? Why aren't they my customer? Why aren't they giving me this? Or why isn't ebay follow on investing already like it's like yo, like the their partnership is you here
Lilliana: like they're literally funding this program for you to be here. That's their way of going. Okay, let's find a way to help, and they want you to succeed. Their incent device for you to be successful, but they can't promise you the world. They can't guarantee a door being open.
Lilliana: but you can open the door because it's already cracked.
Lilliana: Okay, so the door is craft. It's not wide open. So each of you, individually, with your respective efforts to build relationships with them, can open it wide. If you want so
Lilliana: lots of hands over here and
Lilliana: alright.
Lilliana: Have there been any instances of companies merging during program? I don't know.
Lilliana: I have a few. So
Lilliana: one you'll hear about next weekend, because it's literally the company that chef is flying into like talk to you all about because I had a company that I non selected, probably 3 or 4 times but they were a food tech business. We say, non select. We don't say, you know, that's our language. No, I literally, though so David Cohen, like II remember I said, like, Oh, I we we rejected a company goes no non select. And I'm like, All right, got it? So
Lilliana: But what happened is is, I'll see, like.
Lilliana: okay, this one's struggling, and this one has potential.
Lilliana: These people are brilliant, but they don't have a good business model. They have a business model, but they need help.
Lilliana: Y'all should meet, so I don't broker like a merger. But I just introduce founders who might have overlapping interest to each other, and every now and then something really cool happens right? And I also make sure, like even with those 100, and whatever investments.
Lilliana: I would say that none are directly competitive, but some are tangential, some are connected, some overlap a little bit are intersect. So those intersection, you know, companies are the ones that I. We create like smaller pools of thought around. So the healthcare tech that Christian is talking about. There's a lot of collaboration that happens there. And naturally not all companies are gonna thrive. So some will like, Go, okay, let's join forces, or let me help you out. There's a lot of collaborative opportunities that happen there, and it doesn't just have to be unique to the companies that we've invested in
Lilliana: y'all just met hundreds of others right this week. So think about that. Think about ways to collaborate and join forces. Because I think that's a really cool insight. And that's actually one of the greatest gifts that you have as a part of tech stars.
Lilliana: So yeah. Yeah. And I oh, sorry. Great case. Mike and I were having dinner last night talking about how we can get him working on the life web team in in some capacity. So like, there's you don't know who you're gonna who you're gonna meet and vibe with. But it's also
Lilliana:  I don't know. There's something that's really nice about like we're hiring a head of product right now, and my screening criteria was, I want somebody that has been a founder, or has scaled a company from preced to seed, because you have to have you have to have those experiences. Anybody that's coming in that has, like even worked in a seed stage company. And above, it's just a very different expectation level. So you don't know the the people that you're
Lilliana: we did. Whoever asked about the team. It's a related question. We did have one
Lilliana: program in between their 2 programs that a co-founder decided that it might be best suited for him to join a different company in that program, and it was amicable, and it was very respectful, and Neil helped that deal. But do you want us to name names.
Lilliana: Oh, that's right.
Lilliana: So that is a very interesting situation. It was not any sort of like backroom dealings, which is what we were worried about. So we intervened to make sure that was like cool, but he just felt like his skills would be best suited to scale this other business, and he had personal family, like, you know, reasons to do that as opposed to staying, maybe where he was, and it has actually allowed the original founder to be a lot more.
Lilliana: I don't know gritty and able to just do things cause he wasn't worried about paying this guy anymore. So it actually was very amicable. And that was really cool cause that was a situation where this person is running out of money. He can't afford to, you know. Help sustain this guy's family. This one wants to scale. We have an amazing CTO. Let's move them, and then they both are doing great now, because one is like quickly pivoting and being scrappy, and, you know, not paying himself. And the other one is helping this woman scale. So
Lilliana: that was really cool. There is this element of like that might not have flown if we didn't have Neil, who's a great leader and able to like make that amicable. Yeah, he had to broker that which is really cool.
Lilliana: Yeah, you. And then remind me your name, Alex. Okay.
Lilliana: so I'm curious. If any tips or stories about
Lilliana: founders trying to do too much.
Lilliana: I love that.
Lilliana: And also, if I haven't seen it, get in, there's a little bit
Lilliana: and so just like any advice.
Lilliana: it's so good. So how do you prioritize during program and not make sure you're taking on too much or getting ahead of yourselves.
Lilliana: Brett, I have a
Lilliana: just follow a question. Do you have a co-founder
Lilliana: mit Ctl, and oh, great. Okay. So my first thing to do is was to ask me, How
Lilliana: have my co-founders, who are not necessarily full time in that like. I was responsible for attending all events, they were full time, but we understand that if something happens. They're the one who go and so it's easier for them to
Lilliana: cancel out all the noises, just because during programming you get, you know a firehouse of information. So that would be my first
Lilliana: go to yes, yeah. And then I would get very excited after workshop, and just kind of like we can do A to Z, and they're like, Hold on, man, you know, and then they are. They become kind of the accountability partner how to to be the one who's like checks me in a lot of ways. So if you have a cofounder, that would be great if you don't have a
Lilliana: mentor to do it for you. I had that after I graduated program as mentors that I met regularly to be accountability partner. And so if you.
Lilliana: I think I think you'll have a presentation about this. Maybe like there's different types of mentors. And there's one that would challenge me like literally. That's that's your job. That's what you're here for, and not your job. But like II make it very clear you're
Lilliana: here to be to challenge me. Oh, yeah.
Lilliana: okay. And to do that, yeah, I would say also,
Lilliana: you know, pay pay attention. Your mental health like they're super supportive of it. I mean what II was trying to put myself in your shoes, I would. The first thing I would do is Box Neil, probably, and be like, hey, man. This is how I feel right now. Yeah. But also, yeah, take care of yourself, like it's
Lilliana: I think it's easy to feel overwhelmed as you go through each of the different things, especially if you're like learning new things. But also like lean on each other, you know, like you'll become friends, and just be honest, and
Lilliana: we're all going through it the same way in different ways.
Lilliana: Cool. Rishai. Yeah. You wanna do one at a time.
That's correct. Alright.
Lilliana: Any practices during program to work on mental health? Can I start with built in programming? And then you guys can say what you did outside of programming. We've implemented a couple of things. We iterate every program, right? So as we saw the needs the CEO and Cxo small groups, that's something I talked about in orientation that is solely for you guys as people. And that was a major source of like mental health therapy
Lilliana: for a lot of our founders, because that's where the real life challenges come up, you know, like my wife is unhappy because I'm never able to be there for her, because I'm working on all this stuff. What do I do? One of our other founders used to do a flower business and helped him give her flowers like multiple weeks. And it just
Lilliana: blossomed their relationship so like things like that, it made him so much happier because they were doing well. That's what comes out in those small groups. Then we have the 12 by 12, which you guys will be doing separately. Those are also for sharing, and that's with everybody, and we support each other so well. So when you have a struggle, when you're worried about something, when something happened, share it. If you're comfortable in your highs and lows at the end of the week, and everybody can be there for you. You know
Lilliana: we can be there to offer your support to maybe, like help fix the problem, whatever it is. Those are like the 2 things we implemented for mental health. That kind of catch a lot of the problems and help us help you. But did you guys do anything outside of those programming activities to help your mental health?
Lilliana: Or did you wish you did something?
Lilliana: Yeah.
Lilliana: inspired by that.
Lilliana: I mean, that really is a cohort. Just like, personally, yeah, I really like headspace. Headspace is great. I like meditation. But like. I'm not a good enough
Lilliana: meditator. to be able to to just sit in silence. And so I like having some sort of a a guidance. I think that's really helpful, I think. Especially in a hybrid environment, getting outside and like being in the sun and physically moving your body in some way. Those are the ones that help me, and then good sleep. Hygiene. So you know.
Lilliana: yeah, turning off, I'm a big fan of if overhead lights
Lilliana: are odd past. When the sun is already dowed, it throws off your whole sleep schedule so like it makes a big difference for me of switching to lamps. Once the sun has gone down. Ii feel the exact same way. II don't like them at all like, I wish they were not here.
Lilliana: No, we'll talk about it so
Lilliana: But did you mention you mentioned the small groups? So I just wanna emphasize that a little bit. Because I'm thinking, yeah, you didn't talk. Yeah. Well, just to be clear, like, if you all keep it real with each other on what you're dealing with and going through mental health, wise and otherwise, in your lives. That's the ultimate source of support, because each of you are different. Each of you have different ways and needs for how you're managing whatever you're going through and how you think, so share that with each other. Keep it really, even if it's without us.
Lilliana: you know, like you have your own version of trust as a group. So find that like version of that trust and vulnerability, and you'll you'll be shocked at all the perspectives that you'll get, and the relatability that you'll experience with what you all are collectively going through. So I don't know if you wanna elaborate. But I wasn't in the small groups that you please do but I would actually just reach out individually and just call people. And we just have conversations because
Lilliana: you'll become friends. Yep.
Lilliana: yeah. And then, just to echo on the small group thing. I think you know.
Lilliana: Neil and Liliana create a space for vulnerability, and if you open yourself up to that, then everyone else does, and I would encourage you to do that from the get go we were a group of 4 women in their thirties and we came out of the the little conference room, and, like everyone had been crying. And it was, and it. And and like.
Lilliana: yeah, we're the first ones. Everyone like what happens in there like they were like very afraid to go in, but it but it was. And and people have very real stuff that's happening in their life like big things that you would know and and it's it's very powerful. So just open yourself up to up to that.
Lilliana: Yeah, Paula, and then Zoomen, and then we'll go over there.
Lilliana: I just ask if any of you were raising.
Lilliana: Would you like any advice?
Lilliana: And if you raise like equity measures, give you like a ticket, or something like this like having those conversations go? I mean, you have everything tickets on.
Lilliana: So did anybody raise during program? Neil, do you wanna do a preference?
Okay, cool.
Lilliana: Well, we did not raise. But
Lilliana: we had a meeting. This kind of actually falls into a few questions. We had our board meeting to approve the Tech Stars funding a week before we started program and our finance and governance advisor man he he was. The reason that kept me up during program was like, Hey, let's raise your own program. I want you guys get it. 5 pay customers by that program and like a whole bunch of other stuff I'm like, Oh, my God, I'm not gonna the whole program. But I'm he was really pushing us. But
Lilliana: with with everything you're gonna do in tech stars.
Lilliana: You know, if you're planning, if one of your goals is also grow the business while also raising that might be a bit like I don't. It depends on the company, and that might be a bit much.
Lilliana: So I would just pick and choose, like whatever your priorities like. If you need more money in the bank account you need to raise like you you raise. But if your goal is to grow the company with sales.
Lilliana: you know I would focus on that more. But it's just going to depend on your priorities. But it's going to be a lot to do raising program. And if you like, want to also grow the business. Did you guys launch around the demo then?
Lilliana: No, we we did not launch around. We're probably just gonna do a family and friends round, and then the quarter, though. So
Lilliana: yes. I just wanna like maybe be a little bit more aggressive with what Christian just said is like.
Lilliana: if if you can help it, don't raise during program. It's just. It's not a good use of of your time here. You can raise at any point and like what you're getting is resource and community and the ability to make your business stronger, which will make it easier to raise
Lilliana: yeah, like, it's
Lilliana: again, like I think you know, Christine was a good point. If you, if you need money, you need money like there's not much that you could do about it. But we did have people in our cohort that we're raising, and it was also kind of annoying because they weren't as present in the sessions and I don't think they made as much progress on their business. And again I'll come back to the wedding analogy like
Lilliana: this is one moment in time the investors will be there. So I wouldn't worry about about that now. And that might be specific to how Neil and Aliana run techstars versus other programs, but like
Lilliana: they'll be there, Br Brad, or I don't know who's the the Brad for? Yeah, like they'll be there for fundraising support after the program. But like, I think you're doing yourself a disservice by using your time and program for fundraising versus making your business stronger.
Lilliana: we, we, as managing directors are incentivized
Lilliana: from like a performance standpoint like I'm evaluated, based on how quickly you all raise rounds.
Lilliana: namely, after like going into an after program. So it looks good for me. Performance wise. If you raise quickly
Lilliana: I get it. I understand why that's important and valuable for tech stars overall, cause I think we'll see it as a business empirically. If that happens.
Lilliana: that is not what I champion or optimize, for in my program I will champion and optimize for that if that's the best thing for you, and you decide that. And you're like Neil. I know you warned us. I know it's going to be distracting, but I really want to do it. I'm like, all right, let's do it.
Lilliana: But more often than not it's probably not the ideal thing to do, because your business shifts so much. You raise money during program. Now you're gonna go back and wish there were other things you worked on, because all of a sudden. You have different needs by the like. 3 months from now. 4 months from now your business has shifted in ways that you didn't imagine or predict. So you tried to optimize for a raise early, which looks good for me.
Lilliana: But it doesn't necessarily mean it's the best thing for you.
Lilliana: So that's the the kind of unique conversation that we might need to have to understand whether that's a good decision for you to make.
Lilliana: Does that make sense.
Lilliana: add something tactically what we did was, we just have very good relationship with all the mentors to the point where. So I just spend that 3 months just like, built that relationship. Essentially, after the program, we have 3 mentors. It's kind of like, ask me, ask me, the big ask like, Ask for. Yes, they're like, ask me for money, and I'm like, gonna Give you money. It's so hard to like to do that for me, but it's so good that they were just kind of like.
Lilliana: And it's also how do I say they approach it? Almost kind of like I'm still like a mentoring was like, ask me it, practice it. It feels weird in your stomach. And then they're like.
Lilliana: right? So I don't know. I don't know what's going to happen. Do you want to talk to them? Do you have to talk to them?
Lilliana: The the guy, the guys, the reason I have this, that, too. But even before that at the beginning, he said something that has really stuck with me, and he was like, I don't want like. Put your like laptops away, phones way. He's like intellectual honesty means giving me your attention.
Lilliana: And there's going to be more that you're going to have put in front of you than you're gonna be able to handle anyway. So like, just think about intellectual honesty like, just show up right like, show up when you can. If you really need to to leave like, go ahead and do that. But like minimize the amount of time that you're like not taking advantage of this. Oh, yeah. Cause you got this. Is it right? Thank you for saying that, Mikey, that's super important to us, and it's all due respect both ways, meaning.
Lilliana: if you're
Lilliana: on a customer call, or if you have one that's coming up, I want you to go. Take that like. I'll do the work to catch you up on what you, miss. If you're making real progress on your business, it's all good.
Lilliana: but more often than not there's this game that we like to play of distracting ourselves. We think we can multitask. We think we can do more than you know whatever to zoom. And you got these other things pulled up, and you're not actively listening. Or, oh, it's recorded. So it's okay. I'll just listen to it. That kind of thing. You're missing out big time.
Lilliana: So at least give us the respect of your attention when you're in the room, and we'll give you the respect of supporting you when you can't be in the room, because you have other obligations or priorities. So it's it's it's both ways. Yeah. I think I also wanna say, like, I wanna acknowledge it being guilty of a lot of it. I think
Lilliana: you're when you're vulnerable in the situation like you need to self soothe and and like cope. And so a lot of
Lilliana: like sort of not giving my intellectual honesty and just being like back here, and like just zone out for a second cause. That was a lot but to your point about perseverance, like all of you are here because you have that within you so like. If there's one thing to push push on is like perseverance to like, pay attention and take advantage of this. It's not easy, but it's worth it.
Lilliana: So we are 3 founders, and so far, we. But we decided, is that as a CEO, I'm gonna be like timing program
Lilliana: and around mental different stages. We'll try to divide and cover and just be very mindful about
Lilliana: how each of us could be in the meetings and get the most terms of the challenges we're facing.
Lilliana: But I was wondering. Maybe your thoughts around
Lilliana: like me full time here, like you're saying like they're gonna be running the business. And we're gonna try to make that group
Lilliana: how to.
Lilliana: But at the same time they're missing out. Yeah. So
Lilliana: so advice on when you are in the program, and you have co-founders that aren't able to take full advantage. How do you make sure they don't miss out?
Lilliana: We've had some of our most successful founders come out of this program who were solo founders throughout the entire program.
Lilliana: Like, I want you to understand, there's people who found a way to do it all
Lilliana: married with kids like. And and, by the way, still able to spend time and and be, and and still go home in the evenings, still have their weekends, but yet still find a way to do it, because we're very intentional about making things work for you and your situation. So if you work with us
Lilliana: on a program, plan to go. I think it makes sense for my co-founder to go to this. And II actually, I think I should spend my time working on this at this point is that, okay, can I miss this? Can this person go to that? Like? We will customize the program so that we're optimizing each of your individual circumstances as best we can, and but I'll also keep it real with you, like I remember I had a founder who was like, Hey, I don't think I can go to the Retreat, and I'm like, Are you sure
Lilliana: like, what can we do to make this happen? Because I think you're really gonna regret not going because of how many founders have told us how impactful it was. So how can we make it work? So that's like E, that's a a a game for each of us to play together, but just know that, like our intent is to make this work for you.
Lilliana: so I'll let you all give the actual advice.
Lilliana:  I think one thing I would say, and I think it's it's super important. I like we had
Lilliana: on our team. So my Co. Founder was going through program. But I was the primary person going through it.
Lilliana: but we wanted our team also to feel it, and
Lilliana: one person was in Chicago. The other people weren't. So some of the things that we thought about we got everybody
Lilliana: text her Chicago swag when we could purchase it and like shipped it out to everybody. And then we made the calendar available to everybody on the team, and so it was like, Hey, if a session looks interesting like you should absolutely go and then, especially the first week that was in person, our teammate that was in Chicago, you know. She came to everything. She came to the social events. She wasn't. She's not a founder, so she didn't come to the retreat.
Lilliana: But that made a big difference, because she had a personal relationship with a lot of the people in the cohort. So we'd be talking about something that happened, or like something funny. Mikey, did they call Mikey like she knows Mikey, you know. So II I get what you're saying
Lilliana: very much, and I think you can split the difference by like the part. I think the part that's important is like helping them feel connected to the people, and like they have access to the content sessions that are most applicable to them, because not everything will be. And I don't think that that's actually that difficult to achieve.
Lilliana: So we're we'll take one more question once it, Ben. Right?
Yes.
Lilliana: okay, that's great.
Lilliana: That's true.
Lilliana: You're not like
Lilliana: what your goal were to get out of it and like what you expected. That's such a good question. So what were your goals for, Demo Day? How did you prep for it. What were your expectations? And then what actually happened? Wanna start?
Lilliana: Yeah, I mean, our goal for demo day was to show like customer success, and that people are are liking what they're seeing, or with their users.
Lilliana: Cause. If especially in health care. People don't like what you're what you have like. You're already dead in the water. So
Lilliana: that was our main thing. We weren't focused on fundraising, you know.
Lilliana: Really, during demo day, that's something we're just gonna start half like focusing on.
Lilliana: So prep, actually for us is just Natalia has really bad stage, right? Even though we've done a million page competitions. She saw a stage right? Yeah. So she
Lilliana: yes, hers was just practice practice practice. Making sure she was.
Lilliana: you know. Good on stage, and we brought in. You know we had a lot of mentors, and we had people who were flying in just to see her pitch, so
Lilliana: she had a
Lilliana: she had a lot of stage right in in that sense. But follow on meetings. What happens after program is gonna be different for everyone, like some people launch into a race. But
Lilliana: a lot of us, especially in the health care center. Like, all right, you're not gonna get through everything in program. So we're like trying to figure out what we can kind of flush out and finish after program as well, and that took us about a month month and a half, I would say, too. So you might still be doing text ourselves after program, because there's there's just so much you get. So
Lilliana: I think your main goal with Natalia was customer connections. So they knew that people in the audience, because they strategically invited people would know people at other. You know, healthcare, elderly facilities that they could introduce them to things like that. Yeah. So that was their main goal was those connections for customers. And it sounds like it would work because you have a pipeline. Now.
Lilliana: our main goal was to broaden our investor network because we launched our race right after program. So I think people say I was like will come up to you and ask for meetings. We initiated the meetings, so I already send invites to to investors that I wanted to meet 2 weeks before to set up a meeting after text. After Demo Day. And so if they were in the room, they're like, Oh, great. You saw that, you know you saw our pitch already, if they don't. The we really was. What we was looking for. What we were looking for is just the video link
Lilliana: of the of the pitch itself, because in each interaction for investors that I did moving forward. Since then I always link that video and so it was live for us at the time. I don't know if we're if
Lilliana: cool. Yes, so you're gonna have a lot of practice. It's to the point where it's like maniacally in your head like you can sleep with the pitch so like the last week during the demo day week.
Lilliana: That's all the Ceos are gonna do. And so I think you're you're going to be like they're preparing you for that. So it's already built into the programming. But that was that was our goal. And we set up meetings way beforehand.
Lilliana: Yeah, I would just echo that. I think the the video is like the artifact that's useful. And all the prep that goes into telling your story in a compelling way. For us. The audience was a lot of other founders. Like family members. There were definitely investors in. Yeah, yeah, it was like a lot of it was a very friendly audience. Which was great.
Lilliana: but I but I think you
Lilliana: like that audience is not I mean even the audience. Yesterday at founder Khan, like I don't think most of the people that were in the room for the pitches where investors like, you kinda need to take the initiative to to make something happen.
Lilliana: Yeah.
Lilliana: I I'm I don't know if I'm qualified to answer this question, but it is my belief from observing that you will be. It's funny to see this because you obviously are new, so you don't trust it, and I couldn't just be like trust it so enjoy the journey as you get there, but you will be more than sufficiently prepared. And it's gonna be an awesome experience to prepare
Lilliana: a quick couple of additions. Don'tday is what you want it to be, and we'll work with you to realize that goal cause. There's people you're gonna make a list of people you want
Lilliana: either to invite yourself, or you want us to try to bring.
Lilliana: and we'll work with you to do that for each of you, and whatever your needs are, a lot of it is customer. Some of it is investor. Some of it's other reasons, partners and things like that. So we design what you say during your demo day presentation around whatever that goal is.
Lilliana: So we we. It's really important to know it's not the end, all be all, at least for our approach.
Lilliana: There are other programs that have and utilize demo day in a different way. So you'll hear different versions from different founders about how important it is
Lilliana: so. I don't know if you all heard about the format that we do with ours. Nobody's heard about this the Chicago format. So this is something that no one had ever done before. So we came up with our own way of of executing Demo Day.
Lilliana: People do it now, people they they got it. So what we do, and you all and they all did. This is.
Lilliana: it's 3 parts.
Lilliana: and it's 8min total. So
Lilliana: 1min pitch no slides. 1min product Demo and video. six-minute Q&A with one of your eirs. So the reason we did that is that, like a lot of the
Lilliana: key value that we heard from founders about what the demo day was beneficial for was customers, partners, investors.
Lilliana: So we said, Well, why don't we come up with a format that saves you a meeting.
Lilliana: So have that first meeting on stage with someone who can not just be really nice to you, but actually
Lilliana: ask you the hard questions that you very often get in those first meetings which precludes you from having a second meeting with the investors, because they don't understand. So now you take the time to explain the things that usually they'll ding you about or write you off about. And now you get into it. Whoa! They're asking really hard questions. So you demonstrate your prowess as a CEO of how to talk about your business and face to hard stuff.
Lilliana: And then, once you've done that by the end. You now have this artifact to go. I can. I can take the heat, but I'm also ready to have conversations with those who can see where I'm going with this. So you're hinting at where you're gonna do rather than painting this pretty picture about how great your business is cause we know that there's still flaws and things. You're working rashe
desk.
Lilliana: Yeah. So you're yes. So the question from yeah, the question for machete is, can you show more slide? Trust me, we have a whole
Lilliana: long session about how exactly our demo day works, where the questions you're probably thinking now that you want to know answers to. I'll answer all your questions cause we've been through it. But that all being said just know, like there's a reason why we have
Lilliana: the parameters we have, and we'll show you cause you can just watch all the videos from before, and then we can work together on the right form. It's time. So I'm I want to give you guys 30s to close out so we can end on time. But any final advice you wish someone had told you in this moment their day one is on Monday, their week. One starts Monday also. Just so, you know, we're going to give the very first jobs to be done. Lecture right after this, and they haven't seen anything about jobs to be done so 30s. That's your prompt. You can take it. However you want.
Lilliana: I mean.
Lilliana: you guys got 3 months. It's probably going to be the best 3 months of your life, so I would just say.
Lilliana: Have fun. Make the most of it. And don't don't do anything stupid, but but if and if you need help.
Lilliana: ask for help. I'll just leave it as thank. especially for jobs to be done. Jtvd.
Lilliana: just trust this process. It feels weird. It doesn't seem to make sense at all at first, but trust it, and you'll get somewhere that's more sustainable than than you've ever thought of before about your business.
Lilliana: Give this time your all
Lilliana: you'll have time to catch up on life post post program, but like.
Lilliana: suck up every moment that you can. And listen to what Neil and Liliana are are telling you. They're very unique. They're not just talking about what's good for your business, but they really care about you for the long term, and I think that's really special, and I think that their advice comes from a strong place of not just empathy and love and and caring, but
Lilliana: Having seen what works and what doesn't work, and you'll hear no founders story, and you'll be ready to follow him into a burning building.
Lilliana:  and it like it's okay to be to feel intimidated and know you're gonna go through highs and lows and be where your feet are and keep reminding yourself that it's never, not. Now
Lilliana: can we give a round of applause for our alumni?
Lilliana: That is so great. Okay, we wanna end on time so they'll stick around for questions. We have 30min break. We'll see you guys at 11. Pst, for understanding your customers and see you guys in.
Lilliana: Thanks.